---
title: Reporting Time for School and Timetable
permalink: /sec-one-registration-2024/reporting-time-for-school-and-timetable/
description: ""
variant: tiptap
---
<p><strong><em>For Secondary One students, this would be with effect from <u>08 January 2024</u> (Mon) (after the Orientation).</em></strong></p><p>§&nbsp; <strong><em><u>Monday – Friday</u> (excluding Wednesday)</em></strong></p><p>Students will start assembling in their respective form class at the Parade square at 7:35 am.</p><p>The flag raising ceremony will commence at 7:40 am. Students who are not present with their form class for the flag raising ceremony at the Parade square, will be considered as late for school.</p><p>§&nbsp; <strong><em><u>Wednesday</u></em></strong></p><p>Students will start assembling in their respective form class classrooms at 8:15 am.</p><p>The flag raising ceremony will commence at 8:20 am. Students who are not present with their form class for the flag raising ceremony at their respective classrooms, will be considered as late for school.</p><p>§&nbsp; <strong><em><u>Drop off / Alighting Points</u></em></strong></p><p>The designated drop-off point is the sheltered front porch and students will proceed to the Parade square on Mondays – Fridays (excluding Wednesdays) and their respective form class classrooms on Wednesdays for morning assembly.</p><p>In the event of rain, students will proceed to the Multi Purpose Hall (MPH) for morning assembly on Mondays – Fridays (excluding Wednesday).</p><p>§&nbsp; <strong><em><u>Timetable</u></em></strong></p><p>Form Teachers would be issuing students their class timetables by 05 January 2024 (Fri).</p><p>This timetable will be used with effect from 08 January 2024 (Mon), after the Secondary One Orientation Programme which will be from 03 January (Wed) to 05 January 2024 (Fri).</p>