---
title: School canteen advertisement
permalink: /school-canteen-advertisement/school-canteen-advertisement/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
---
<p><strong>School canteen advertisement</strong></p><table><tbody><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Type of Stall</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Closing Date</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Date</strong></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Chinese Noodles</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>16 February 2024</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Alternative proposals can be considered.</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>International Fusion</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>16 February 2024</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Alternative proposals can be considered.</p></td></tr></tbody></table><p>Application Procedure</p><p>1. Download and complete the application form. <a href="/files/canappbf7.pdf" rel="noopener" target="_blank">Application Form </a>You may also request for a hardcopy from the School’s General Office.<br><br>2. Attached the following documents together with the application form:<br>• Photocopy of the NRIC (front and back)<br>• List of proposed menu and pricing for all items<br>• Photocopy of relevant certificates such as Basic Food Hygiene Course, etc<br><br>3. Submit the completed application form and documents via email to peicai_ss@moe.edu.sg OR to the School’s General Office.<br>• Address : 10 Serangoon Ave 4 Singapore (556094)<br>• Contact No. : 6288 4159<br>• Email: <a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">peicai_ss@moe.edu.sg</a><br></p><p>How to get there?</p><p>• Serangoon MRT &amp; Lorong Chuan MRT<br>• Bus number: No. 22, 24, 43, 53, 105, 156, 315, 853, 70, 76, 103, 147, 156, 136, 103W, 317</p><p>Interested applicants must meet the following criteria:</p><p>• Singapore Citizen or Singapore Permanent Resident (SPR) for stallholder and stall assistant.<br>• Able to provide good service and quality with prices determined in consultation with the school.<br>• Able to provide cooked food that meets the health/nutritional standards set by Health Promotion Board (HPB) under the “Healthy Meals in School Programme (HMSP)” guidelines<a href="https://www.hpb.gov.sg/schools/school-programmes/healthy-meals-in-schools-programme/" rel="noopener" target="_blank">(see link)</a> <br>• Able to maintain high standard of food safety and personal hygiene.<br>• Healthy and fit to operate the stall.</p><p>Applicants should preferably fufill the following criteria:</p><p>• Successful applicant and stall assistant(s) must possess WSQ Basic Food Hygiene Certificate.<br>• Possess catering experience or experience operating in a school environment.<br>• Successful applicant is required to apply for a food stall license from Singapore Food Agency (SFA).<br><br>Shortlised applicants will be notifed for an interview and will be required to provide food sampling for the School Canteen Selection Committee at the applicant’s own expense.<br><br><br></p>